# Cowf - Rout

```rout
=) rout

=. page "Some/route"

+. index_page page "index.html"
+. core_JS page "index.js"

=] file_list index_page core_JS

! => /* @index_page
=> /* $file_list

```

---

#### Starting a Route Block
The `=) rout` statement begins a new route block in the `rout` configuration. The `=)` symbol likely serves as a custom formatter to demarcate the beginning of a route block.

#### Defining a Page Route
The statement `=. page "Some/route"` defines a page variable that points to the path "Some/route". This associates the route name `page` with the path "Some/route".

#### Defining an Index Page
The line `+. index_page page "index.html"` defines another route `index_page` that maps to the file "index.html". The term `page` here could refer to the previously defined page variable or be part of a naming convention.

#### Routing Directive
The directive `=> /* @index_page` maps all incoming requests (`/*`) to the `@index_page`, which was previously defined as "index.html".

#### File Lists
The `$ file_list` stores and manages all the routes defined, which in this case includes both `index_page` and `page`.

### Recap

In summary, the given `rout` code snippet defines routing logic as follows:

1. A new `rout` block is initiated.
2. A route variable `page` is defined, pointing to "Some/route".
3. Another route `index_page` is defined, mapping to "index.html".
4. All incoming requests (`/*`) are routed to the `index_page`, serving the file "index.html".
5. The `$ file_list` manages and maintains all route definitions, including `index_page` and `page`.

These configurations appear to be part of a custom syntax (`rout`) tailored to define routing behaviors in the described project.